Added data type topic in C-sharp (#1401)
Codecademy/docs: content/c-sharp/concepts/data-types/data-types.md

---
Title: 'Data Types'
Description: 'C-sharp supports many data types that represent the size and kind of values being stored in memory.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Data Types'
  - 'Integers'
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Booleans'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The two main data types in C# are value ane reference types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C-sharp supports many data types that represent the size and kind of values stored in memory. The two main data types in C# are value and reference types.
```

## Value Types

> Value types are data types that are built in to C#. The available types and their memory sizes are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Value types are data types that are built-in to C#. The available types and their memory sizes are as follows:
```

> | Data Type | Memory Size  |

Reviewer: Since we're briefly going over all the types in this entry, can we create an additional column here for a short description about what each type represents?

| --------- | ------------ |
| `bool`    | 1 byte       |
| `byte`    | 1 byte       |
| `sbyte`   | 1 byte       |
| `char`    | 2 bytes      |
| `decimal` | 16 bytes     |
| `double`  | 8 bytes      |
| `float`   | 4 bytes      |
| `int`     | 4 bytes      |
| `uint`    | 4 bytes      |
| `nint`    | 4 or 8 bytes |
| `unint`   | 4 or 8 bytes |
| `long`    | 8 bytes      |
| `ulong`   | 8 bytes      |
| `short`   | 2 bytes      |
| `ushort`  | 2 bytes      |

> The following code demonstrates how to instantiate a variable of each of these value types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code demonstrates how to instantiate a variable of each type shown above:
```
